#Flat Quiz
#Foreword
I was poking around UpWork.com after my brother convinced me to
start a profile to begin the process of migrating towards digital
nomadic freedom when I came across the first ever freelancer job on 
UpWork that I would apply for:

https://www.upwork.com/jobs/~010f5f2dbfe94ec9cd

I figured, why not, something this easy? Childs play for my first 
attempt and if he doesn't select me then oh well. I was used to 
Freelancer.com's flooded market and ridiculous micro-payment bidding
system, this couldn't be any worse. To my surprise I received a
message from him the next day responding to my initial questions 
regarding what exactly he wanted. This was my first time on UpWork,
so I was unaware of the "interview" process. I thought once we 
started a line of communications discussing the inner workings of his
request, it was a sealed deal. 

I told him I could do it in a week or so depending on his input and 
involvement. My times always seem to depend more on the client than
myself.

I'm rambling. Anyway, he chose a Roman with a Master's Degree in 
Computer Science that programs for $15/hr and I coded this anyway.

#What does it do?
So the quiz.php actually hosts a multi-dimensional array of questions
and weight values for each answer, something he wanted. The web front
end uses bootstrap and is dynamic based on the quiz.php. When you 
update the array, the quiz automatically displays the new questions
and calculates all submitted questions by adding the assocaited
weight values to the final score. Pretty self explainatory, but I
feel like I should write something.

Anyhow, I sent him this link and posted a working version directly
from my website. So much for my first job on UpWork.com!

- Andrew
